youth
good that they approach the perfect commented
video asked master to be invisible
immortal do not waste time and subscribe
to this channel
hello very good kids today we are with
the fifa suter 14
I come to teach you how to put the
currencies and fixed point it also will
I'll leave the prices that fifa has on the
Valdez towers are a bit beastly so
except psuv seem to me and that's it
I hope you like the video to give like
comment and see you in the next video
if not
yes no
or not
what is learned with my people is that the
respect is important but more strip
always facing forward
it starts being a dwarf and ends up being
a giant with hawk eyes and the
venom of a snake 20 the tip that
this guild if you want I teach you to be
a hard worker a pure soccer dreamer
southern to be a wholesale carrier of a
fucking club without owner this issuance well
like the sky during the winter
then he unloaded a single red
I live in June when it happened to the flood
base head to hell
this option I'm still mentally against
of the blond alberto more than a child a
wink of the most modern then I pass by
your neighborhood and I see very little bustle
ugly notes or little chicha I think it fucks me
I'm going to release this rap on the team
your videos solfeo mind I do not see your ugly
with the compases those of others with me
phrase I do not think it exceeds its share what
share with my friends my compadres
pulling it just for you in your town, go
gap
besides the mother boy what class my
no one arrives and the one who passes
of ready dust that takes away the air
painted coarse castles nails your eyes
In my dances, you have a match dog and
today a pure rock dance hip hop at
silence is that I will be in my part I will not
I live for you I live alone for my mother in
a sky full of cowardly pension
that is late with nothing to show the
live art there's lost data my uncles
mine and wires without dreams as of the
yours by my voice chords makes the wind
there noble does not manage to cut you tell me
that you had a similar name and I
I keep giving land from the corner of
south of all those bitches and their
door if you have easy battles
of your ego looks fragile released a rhyme
105 like soul taste that's a little
part of what's still to come give me the
ebook in short are there with me
yazira 2013
although he is going to talk that we already
we did not want
yes
wood in kings
let's record a loose song
I arrived
in fact in the face of life
everything changes even if you do not want it to change
look me in the face anxiously that everything
It's going well I do not think everything goes great
luck comes and more than anything what I
pass are the face of life although the
life be clearer remove the mask
most feared that protects you for what
you want clear things if you are damaging the
heart so bad shit that cover us
your reason you see this depression that
presses the chest with the sensation of
the bad things that I miss
moments that I can not go back and if the
life smiles at me I smile too
lie are not bad if you have a good
excuse
I prefer to use it without giving me
future truth is camouflaged to soften
there are many and the face of life is what
which reflects one
who knows what he wants or what he can
have me always facing you though you
try different faces because of your people
even if you yourself standing face
life you want to put and know what
who wants what he can have forever
in front even if they treat you differently
the face for your mind even if you are alone
in feet
yes
in you
you do not look for good media that bring the
perfect commented video was requested
diesel master
invisible immortal do not waste time and
subscribe to this channel
behind
yes